did you ever imagine during those days
where near so really just wearing a pair
of Underpants and hitting people over to
have a pelvic tears that one day you
would be singing in an animated Disney
film no I mean here we are or on the
show we're talking about it the movies
getting ready to come out and and so I
was on my way to China
this was about two and a half years ago
mama way to China and I'm with my agent
we're getting ready to go over there to
promote a movie and we're getting ready
to go on a play and he goes hey I got to
talk to you I said we got to get on
plane he goes sit down I'm like okay so
I sit down and he goes this just came in
it's been in development for years now
they just offered you this role in
Disney and I was like wow and he goes
your culture your Polynesian culture
which of course got me very very excited
to share it's our culture and then I'm
like ah that's amazing goes and you know
what else I was like what he goes and I
got to say it right cuz this how we
operate we role were truthful on the
show he goes up they know you could sing
going in that were they aware of did
they check first I did they did they did
their deep dive research maybe there's
only dizzy does I think that they had an
idea that because I sang before in the
past like I would come on probably come
on here and we'd sing a little bit you
know whatever just silly fun stuff right
so I think they knew that maybe I could
carry a tune right so I think that was
enough and then they had of course the
the masterful lin-manuel Miranda wrote
all of our all of our music he's here
last weekend he said for this this is
like his dream he's you know he named
his son Sebastian after the crab in the
Little Mermaid so I mean that is that to
me is proof that this is his dream this
is literally history but by the way it's
it's like a dream come true for so many
of us by the way his son Sebastian was
born during the making of Moana our
daughter Jasmine was born during the
making of Milan it's all it's all a very
special how long does she know your
daughter she's 11 months old and I have
a daughter Simone who's 15 okay and
here's a crazy thing so every time I see
Moana I've seen a few times it starts
off with of course baby Moana who looks
just like my 11 month
though jasmine and she grows into this
beautiful 15 16 year old girl who looks
just like my other daughter Simone so
it's a whole jet I know also you're 11
month old is too young probably too
hedging she hasn't as she's seen the
movie no she hasn't seen the movie we
can't wait to show it too but she loves
the trailer love oh she does yeah
because she hears my voice in it alright
oh it's a thing you know and it's like
honey-coated gravel you know you know
that's a double-edged sword really
because you could get in a situation
where you know like the song let it go
and frozen where kids love you and they
sing the song so many times over and
over again that their parents begin to
want to kill you you are shooting a
live-action movie Jumanji yes new
version of Jumanji in Hawaii right now
yes as you mentioned that's where you're
from what is it like shooting in the
place you grew up its first of all it's
awesome right yeah it's also well it's a
double-edged sword right there's a
there's a side a and side B to this tell
us about the side beam we don't care
about side you know you go back to
Hawaii well first all the locals okay I
just have to say that bringing a movie
of this size of magnitude the jobs that
it creates for all the hard-working
locals that's am a straight right that's
the a side right so but the B side is
after after every day we wrap there's
fans always waiting and there's
inevitably more cousins I just got more
cousins out of it yeah I go out and my
guys my logistic guys would say hey
listen you know there's two three
families over there they look over there
and there's like 20 people and they're
all holding things and babies and all
kinds of stuff ready for me to sign I
was like who is it that's your that your
cousin from your grandfather's side ten
times removed
[Laughter]
[Applause]
that's the that's the other side - yeah
right happens when you go to Hawaii and
it's an island there's nowhere to go
comes cousins eventually right no yeah
eventually yes we all become cousin have
you been to the places you used to hang
out when you grew up were those like
spots yeah so I have and I'm sure I've
talked about it with you a few times so
as I was growing up as a teenager in
Hawaii I used to get in trouble a lot
doing a lot of things I should have been
doing arrested multiple times yeah so I
used to and so the answer is yes so I
felt like I need to redeem myself so I
went back to why I have my 15 year old
daughter Simone with me I'm like honey
it's Sunday it's our day off we're gonna
go to all these places that I did bad
things and I just got to redeem myself
but like a movie we're at least gonna
drive by and I told her story so so
basically it's like you know that
there's there's the lessons here so
here's where your dad this particular
thing happened with a great idea you
gotta call me this is daddy's favorite
crack
[Laughter]
[Applause]
you should say crack because so I used
to walk to the gym every day when I was
a freshman right so I walked in five
miles everybody says you walk by my I
literally had to walk five miles right
so I walk five miles to the gym midway
point to the gym is the 7-eleven I used
to stop at this 7-eleven I swear to God
every day and I used to steal a king
size Snickers bar every day for energy
well I didn't have any money right so of
course right so that's what I did I took
every day for energy king size Snickers
Wow so I told my daughter I said you
know what I said what if we went let's
go back to the 7-eleven let's just go in
there let's just go grab a king size
Snickers let me literally put $500 down
and just say oh here thank you and then
go she's like alright that's kind of
cool dad let's go do that so we went we
pull up and she's like that and I look
who's that yeah I think he's shooting up
drugs right there I think right there
like so it's so sketchy now this place
so we did not go in so you would go in
and you and these must have been the
least observant 7-eleven fast years of
all time it's this giant boy comes in
every day and maybe they were just too
scared to say anything
I had pimples all over my face cuz I
Snickers bar every day yeah I had a fro
and a fro but I think it's one of those
first of all same person employee every
day same shift every day did you buy
anything
it's okay did you purchase anything as a
ruse or just go in there take this video
money there was no ruse it was it wasn't
a sophisticated
inside the criminal mind Wayne Johnson
Wow it's just that so one day I will
have to go back if you get that one then
eight seven so the AFI Film Festival is
going on yes right across from us yes
and this is the premiere of Moana right
the world premiere it is this is the
world premiere of Moana and I got to
tell you so you know there's months and
months of planning that go into this
right right premieres tonight this is
one of the biggest premieres in
Hollywood ever of all time all of
Hollywood Boulevard is shut down as
premiere tonight gonna be a special
performance tonight outside on stage so
we thought that it would be a good idea
to bring all of you with us
thanks for watching if you liked that
subscribe to our YouTube channel for all
the latest videos and if you didn't
subscribe anyway it's free who cares